[Music]
my name's Fiona may live in court
it's my lady I'm always too busy the law
can take over your life you're coming to
bed it's tomorrow the case okay
bye lady they're ready for you what's
right fee shall we talk excuse me
long day I don't know how to say this I
think
I think I want to have an affair what I
love you
we're meant to be together but we don't
even kiss anymore yeah we have an urgent
case my lady the applicant Adam has
leukemia however the boy and his parents
are Jehovah's Witnesses and it's
contrary to their faith to accept blood
into their sister I would like to hear
from Adam himself
you've come to change my mind why is a
blood transfusion wrong why is anything
wrong
tortured dying being unfaithful in your
marriage what is the point of your
silence
people think you've been influenced by
your parents somehow I've got to decide
the child's welfare shall be the courts
paramount consideration life is more
precious and dignity do you remember how
we were don't you miss that
[Music]
my lady I've got so many questions for
you thank you for me closer something my
delicious adventure she talked to me
this young man I thought I could answer
all his questions but he's dying
[Music]
it's just a toy lovely boy
remember all of life and love
was a day of anguish at the world course
of justice
my lady they're ready for you
[Music]